walk prudently when you go to the house
of God and draw near to here rather than
to give the sacrifice of fools for they
do not know that they do evil do not be
rash with your mouth and let not your
heart are to anything hastily before God
but God is in heaven and you on earth
therefore let your words be few for a
dream comes through much activity and a
fools voice is known by his many words
when you make a vow to God do not delay
to paid-for he has no pleasure in fools
pay what you have found better not to
vow than to vow and not pay do not let
your mouth cause your flesh to sit nor
say before the Messenger of God that it
was an error why should God be angry at
your excuse and destroy the work of your
hands for in the multitude of dreams and
many words there is also vanity but fear
God if you see the oppression of the
poor and the violent perversion of
justice and righteousness in a province
but do not marvel at the matter for high
official watches over high official and
higher officials are over them
moreover the prophet of the land is for
all even the king is served from the
field
he who loves silver will not be
satisfied with silver nor he who loves
abundance with increase this also is
vanity when goods increase they increase
who eat them so what profits have the
owners accept to see them with their
eyes the sleep of a laboring man is
sweet whether he eats little or much but
the abundance of the rich will not
permit him to sleep there is a severe
evil which I have seen under the sun
riches kept for their owner to his hurt
but those riches perished through
misfortune when he forgets a son there
is nothing in his hand as he came from
his mother's womb naked shall he return
to go as he came and he shall take
nothing from his labor which he may
carry away in his hand and this also is
a severe evil just exactly as he came so
shall he go and what profit has he to
his labor for the wind all his days he
also eats in darkness and he has much
sorrow and sickness and anger here is
what I have seen it is good and fitting
for one to eat and drink and to enjoy
the good of all his labor in which he
toils Under the Sun all the days of his
life which God gives him for it is his
heritage as for every man to whom God
has given riches and wealth and given
him power to eat of it to receive his
heritage and rejoice in his labor
this is the gift of God for he will not
dwell and doom Lee on the days of his
life because God keeps him busy with the
joy of his heart
you
[Music]